The President:
On Friday, we learned that
more than two dozen people were
killed when a gunman opened
fire in an elementary school in
Newtown, Connecticut.
Most of those who died were just
young children with their whole
lives ahead of them.
And every parent in America
has a heart heavy with hurt.
Among the fallen
were also teachers --
men and women who devoted their
lives to helping our children
fulfill their dreams.
So our hearts are broken today.
We grieve for the
families of those we lost.
And we keep in our prayers the
parents of those who survived.
Because as blessed as they are
to have their children home,
they know that their child's
innocence has been torn away far
too early.
As a nation, we have endured far
too many of these tragedies in
the last few years.
An elementary school in Newtown.
A shopping mall in Oregon.
A house of worship in Wisconsin.
A movie theater in Colorado.
Countless street corners
in places like Chicago
and Philadelphia.
Any of these neighborhoods
could be our own.
So we have to come together and
we're going to have to take
meaningful action to prevent
more tragedies like this
from happening.
Regardless the politics.
This weekend, Michelle and I are
doing what I know every parent
is doing -- holding our children
as close as we can and reminding
them how much we love them.
There are families in
Connecticut who can't do
that today.
And they need all
of us right now.
Because while nothing can take
the place of a lost child or
loved one, all of us can extend
a hand to those in need --
to remind them that
we're there for them;
that we're praying for them;
and that the love they felt for
those they lost endures not
just in their own memories,
but also in their community,
and in their country.
Thank you and God bless you.